c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication9.exe.config
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication9.exe
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication9.pdb
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication9.xml
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Form1.resources
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Form10.resources
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Form2.resources
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Form3.resources
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Form4.resources
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Form5.resources
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Form6.resources
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Form7.resources
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Form8.resources
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Form9.resources
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.Resources.resources
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.exe
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.xml
c:\users\work\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.pdb
C:\Users\Work\Desktop\ooad project\5.credit card system\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication9.exe.config
C:\Users\Work\Desktop\ooad project\5.credit card system\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.exe
C:\Users\Work\Desktop\ooad project\5.credit card system\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.xml
C:\Users\Work\Desktop\ooad project\5.credit card system\WindowsApplication9\WindowsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication9.pdb
